feat(curriculum): add quicksort lab to frontend cert (#56009)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lab-quick-sort/66d97c3be4030e8f41a92083.md

---
id: 66d97c3be4030e8f41a92083
title: Build a Quick Sort Algorithm
challengeType: 14
dashedName: build-quick-sort

---

# --description--

The Quick Sort algorithm is one of the various sort algorithms that can be used.

> This one has this implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This one has the following implementation:
```

- Choose a pivot value among the elements of the input array (use the first or the last element of the array).

> - Partition the input array into three subarrays made by elements greater than, lesser than, and equal to the pivot value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Partition the input array into three subarrays containing elements greater than, lesser than, and equal to the pivot value.
```
